worker/src/content/docs/index.mdx, before:

---
title: ContextWorker
description: Job Runner and Automation for ContextUnity
template: splash
hero:
  tagline: Background job processing and automation for the ContextUnity ecosystem. Powered by Temporal for reliable workflow orchestration.
  image:
    file: ../../assets/worker-image.jpg
    alt: ContextWorker - The Automation Layer
  actions:
    - text: Get Started
      link: /getting-started/
      icon: right-arrow
      variant: primary
    - text: View on GitHub
      link: https://github.com/ContextUnity/contextworker
      icon: external
---

import { Card, CardGrid, LinkCard } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<CardGrid>
  <Card title="Temporal Workflows" icon="rocket">
    Reliable workflow orchestration with Temporal. Automatic retries, timeouts, and state management for complex job pipelines.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Harvester Jobs" icon="database">
    Automated data harvesting from 15+ suppliers. Fetch, transform, and sync inventory data on schedule.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Agent Integration" icon="puzzle">
    Seamless integration with Router agents. Run Gardener enrichment, Lexicon content generation, and Matcher deduplication.
  </Card>
  <Card title="ContextUnit Security" icon="approve-check">
    Full ContextUnit protocol support. All job executions are traced and audited with capability-based access control.
  </Card>
</CardGrid>

## Why ContextWorker?

ContextWorker is the **automation backbone** that powers background processing across the ContextUnity ecosystem:

- **Reliable Job Execution** — Temporal workflows ensure jobs complete even through failures
- **Agent Orchestration** — Seamless integration with Router agents for AI-powered tasks
- **Harvester Pipeline** — Automated data collection and transformation from multiple suppliers
- **Scheduled Jobs** — Cron-style scheduling for recurring tasks

## Quick Links

<CardGrid>
  <LinkCard title="Installation" href="/getting-started/installation/" description="Get ContextWorker running with pip or uv." />
  <LinkCard title="Harvester" href="/guides/harvester/" description="Configure data harvesting from suppliers." />
  <LinkCard title="Workflows" href="/guides/workflows/" description="Build custom Temporal workflows." />
  <LinkCard title="Gardener Agent" href="/guides/gardener/" description="Product taxonomy classification agent." />
</CardGrid>

## Core Components

### Harvester Module

Automated inventory aggregation from 15+ outdoor gear suppliers:

- **Fetchers** — HTTP, Email, and API-based data fetching
- **Transformers** — XLSX, CSV, and YAML data normalization
- **Scheduler** — Daily automated runs with configurable timing
- **Notifications** — Email alerts for failures and stale data

### Agent Integration

Direct integration with ContextRouter agents:

- **Gardener** — Product taxonomy classification
- **Lexicon** — AI content generation via Perplexity
- **Matcher** — Product deduplication and matching

## Open Source First

ContextWorker is built for the ContextUnity ecosystem:

- **Apache 2.0 License** — Use it commercially, modify it, contribute back
- **Temporal Integration** — Industry-standard workflow engine
- **ContextUnity Native** — Full integration with Commerce, Brain, and Router
- **Production Tested** — Running real-world harvesting and enrichment pipelines

---

### Configuration

ContextWorker uses environment variables for configuration:

```bash
# Temporal
TEMPORAL_HOST=localhost:7233
TEMPORAL_NAMESPACE=contextworker

# Database
DATABASE_URL=postgresql://user:pass@localhost/harvester

# Router Integration
ROUTER_URL=http://localhost:8000
```

---

### Enterprise & Production

For teams needing advanced security, multi-tenancy, or enterprise integrations, we offer production deployment options at [contextworker.dev](https://contextworker.dev).

Commit message:

fix(worker): clarify Gardener lives in Router, not Worker
Gardener is a ContextRouter agent (LangGraph graph).
ContextWorker only invokes it via API/gRPC as a trigger/scheduler.

- Updated gardener.md with correct architecture diagram
- Updated index.mdx to clarify agent invocation vs ownership
- Added note: 'Worker is the scheduler, Router is the brain'

worker/src/content/docs/index.mdx, after:

---
title: ContextWorker
description: Job Runner and Automation for ContextUnity
template: splash
hero:
  tagline: Background job processing and automation for the ContextUnity ecosystem. Powered by Temporal for reliable workflow orchestration.
  image:
    file: ../../assets/worker-image.jpg
    alt: ContextWorker - The Automation Layer
  actions:
    - text: Get Started
      link: /getting-started/
      icon: right-arrow
      variant: primary
    - text: View on GitHub
      link: https://github.com/ContextUnity/contextworker
      icon: external
---

import { Card, CardGrid, LinkCard } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

<CardGrid>
  <Card title="Temporal Workflows" icon="rocket">
    Reliable workflow orchestration with Temporal. Automatic retries, timeouts, and state management for complex job pipelines.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Harvester Jobs" icon="database">
    Automated data harvesting from 15+ suppliers. Fetch, transform, and sync inventory data on schedule.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Router Agent Integration" icon="puzzle">
    Invoke ContextRouter agents on schedule. Trigger Gardener enrichment, Lexicon content generation, and Matcher deduplication via API/gRPC.
  </Card>
  <Card title="ContextUnit Security" icon="approve-check">
    Full ContextUnit protocol support. All job executions are traced and audited with capability-based access control.
  </Card>
</CardGrid>

## Why ContextWorker?

ContextWorker is the **automation backbone** that powers background processing across the ContextUnity ecosystem:

- **Reliable Job Execution** — Temporal workflows ensure jobs complete even through failures
- **Agent Invocation** — Trigger ContextRouter agents (Gardener, Lexicon, Matcher) on schedule
- **Harvester Pipeline** — Automated data collection and transformation from multiple suppliers
- **Scheduled Jobs** — Cron-style scheduling for recurring tasks

## Quick Links

<CardGrid>
  <LinkCard title="Installation" href="/getting-started/installation/" description="Get ContextWorker running with pip or uv." />
  <LinkCard title="Harvester" href="/guides/harvester/" description="Configure data harvesting from suppliers." />
  <LinkCard title="Workflows" href="/guides/workflows/" description="Build custom Temporal workflows." />
  <LinkCard title="Gardener Agent" href="/guides/gardener/" description="Product taxonomy classification agent." />
</CardGrid>

## Core Components

### Harvester Module

Automated inventory aggregation from 15+ outdoor gear suppliers:

- **Fetchers** — HTTP, Email, and API-based data fetching
- **Transformers** — XLSX, CSV, and YAML data normalization
- **Scheduler** — Daily automated runs with configurable timing
- **Notifications** — Email alerts for failures and stale data

### Router Agent Invocation

Worker triggers ContextRouter agents via API/gRPC:

- **Gardener** — Product taxonomy classification (lives in Router)
- **Lexicon** — AI content generation via Perplexity (lives in Router)
- **Matcher** — Product deduplication and matching (lives in Router)

> Worker is the **scheduler**, Router is the **brain** with AI logic.

## Open Source First

ContextWorker is built for the ContextUnity ecosystem:

- **Apache 2.0 License** — Use it commercially, modify it, contribute back
- **Temporal Integration** — Industry-standard workflow engine
- **ContextUnity Native** — Full integration with Commerce, Brain, and Router
- **Production Tested** — Running real-world harvesting and enrichment pipelines

---

### Configuration

ContextWorker uses environment variables for configuration:

```bash
# Temporal
TEMPORAL_HOST=localhost:7233
TEMPORAL_NAMESPACE=contextworker

# Database
DATABASE_URL=postgresql://user:pass@localhost/harvester

# Router Integration
ROUTER_URL=http://localhost:8000
```

---

### Enterprise & Production

For teams needing advanced security, multi-tenancy, or enterprise integrations, we offer production deployment options at [contextworker.dev](https://contextworker.dev).
